In the name of Allah,
the Entirely Merciful, the Especially Merciful.
We had several episodes in which we fought magic and witches...
and all those who are the "Wizard of words"
who defend themselves to be
Existentialism is the only way for them...
and the prosecutors of  "special and super-forces" …
and we shouted to "Al-Azhar" for ....
the state of our society of magic and magicians
and guaranteed the right of reply to all...
some of them ignored, and some of them were silent ignorance
so both of them, as sees it...
and The right of reply is still guaranteed to all ...
Either we get to which is worse than magic…
There's a magic of minds, and it's a moral voodoo
won't and never affect anything in (the best of mankind, and the greatest of creation)
and the absolute freedoms and liberals that have no limits reaches ...
to cursing the the best of mankind ( Our Master Muhammad "pbuh")
The purest who calls for freedom ...
and save the woman her rights,
and preserve the rights of other religions
and preserve their beliefs.
The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: Beware, if anyone wrongs a contracting man, or diminishes his right, or forces him to work beyond his capacity, or takes from him anything without his consent, I shall plead for him on the Day of Judgment.
Now the curses come to us
from the West sometimes and from the inside other times
and they say freedoms...
and we will bring secularism high ...
. We will not give up caricatures, drawings,
even if others back down.
and everyone has the right to express his/ her thoughts without interference from others
If others are the ones who have been harmed,
, where is the so-called freedom?
O West, those who call for freedom.
Didn't freedom mean that not to exceed the rights of the other?
and if exceed the rights of the other, it's a violation, not a "freedom"?
so, What's the difference between "Nazism and dictatorship"  ..... VS
and what does "every transgressive ignorant" do to the rights of the other?
-	For all Muslims in all countries of the world you must take peaceful and legitimate ways
and the law and the judiciary being the door that knocks
These cartoons, which are offensive to our great prophet,
adopted by some newspapers and magazines,
and even some policies
are absurd, clowning and depraved from all the constraints of responsibility,
moral commitment, international custom and public law,
which is an outright hostility to this religion,
and to god's prophet mercy to the worlds.
We, from the position of Al-Azhar,
reject with all the countries of the Islamic world and strongly
reject these obscenities,
which do not really harm Muslims and prophets,
but rather offend those who do not know the greatness of this Holy
Prophet Muhammad
(God's blessing and peace be upon him)
We call on the international community
to adopt universal legislation that criminalizes anti-Muslimism
and discrimination with others, in rights and duties.
and full mutual respect.
We also call on Muslim citizens
in Western countries to integrate positively and consciously into these societies,
while preserving their religious and cultural identities,
preventing them from being dragged behind the provocations of the Far-right politics
and hateful racism.
Or the polarization of groups of political Islam,
Muslim citizens must abide by the commitment and constant concern for peaceful,
legal and rational ways of resisting hate speech
and in obtaining their legitimate rights,
following the morals of their Holy Prophet  (God's blessing and peace be upon him)
We believe in all religions and prophets and respect their beliefs
as we taught by our (Prophet Muhammad "pbuh")
And the Holy Quran where Allah said in his dear book :
In the name of Allah,
the Entirely Merciful, the Especially Merciful
Chapter (35) sūrat fāṭir (The Originator)
((No bearer of burdens shall bear another's burden))
Because we love our prophet  Issa , our prophet  Mousa and we love our prophet  Muhammad "pbuh"
So Stop insulting and abusive graphics and insulting our beliefs.
Because you've legislated and shown a "few" who aren't Christian in anything.
Ignorant young people don't know what to say...
All the respected and honorable Christians, especially .....
must stand up to this tendentious and disrespectful campaign
I call on the wise Muslims and Christians
not to be dragged behind this corrupt current, and the spoiler for ...
our fabric and our country.
and the law works to address this.
So it's not a tone -
Eat green and dry
and it will not be fertile ground for every extremist ...
to offend the most honorable creation and offend the prophets of God
and inject his poisons and extremism
Al-Azhar and the Church have a big role to play in this,
to stop irresponsible demonization from a few on both sides.
and the state and the law are the deterrent to anyone
who sought to seduce himself to offend the prophets of God.
That's enough, Doctor.
Shut up, man.
Listen and learn.
Today when the dowry is determined
and parents who have daughters.
and determine the levels of the dowry
Listen ...
I don't want you to say any Advisory opinion
and don't oppose me and shake your body
Divorce on the dowry
Provides the causes of life
I know people who are friends of mine.
Listen, for world and religion
The verse is clear in the Qur'an
Don't tell me a verse, don't tell me any shit.
Listen , Listen
I don't allow you.
- how come ?
- i'm like that
get out of here, boy
no i will not get out of here
It's normal with respect,
When you tell a story, and the Muslims say it with pride
and unfortunately it's not bragging
Muhammad was married to nine women
In a society that is about women
and being with one woman or one love
anyway ...
How can I be a child to imagine.....
This commander Muhammad married nine.
What's this ferocity?
and what's this picture?
that managed or the character that was able to combine
it is not my business it is four wife s or or or.
It's going to be what?
Stories
that we're saying, which may not be unfounded sometimes or most of the time.
It's the one that's causing us to look like that as a Muslims.
Bombings and killings in London and elsewhere
We are not healthy in our Muslim societies from the Muslims
Under any slogans
Countries destroyed by Islam
What do you imagine?
I'm painting any picture?
Unfortunately, the nature of the situation
Countries destroyed by Islam and betrayal
And this foolish young man who does not
count on Christianity in something and his provocative comments..
A Christian offends the Prophet Muhammad.
The young man is named Yusuf Hani from Ismailia province
Reply to a post via Facebook
Cursing the Prophet Muhammad
You believe in a messenger who needs a slipper hit on his mother's brain.
There were calls to judge him
#Youssef_Hani_Trial
These are the mentalities we live with
they said that this pig is a teacher.
So the generations that will come he teach them violence and extremism
and cursing to the messengers
Imagine the folding generation will come, and this pig will be their teacher.
What are they going to do?
#Youssef_Hani_Trial
This maniac is a teacher in Ismailia.
Cursing our holy prophet in the most horrible words
death by hanging
#Youssef_Hani_Trial
How long will we remain silent on the  insult of Our Master Mohammed the best of mankind
From the dogs of the people of fire.
This dog is in hell in the first place.
But what do we say to our master as he intercedes for us and is keen to survive every soul believer on the Day of Resurrection
Maybe God bless us and spare us people
He must be judged.
God protected Egypt and Islam
and God protected the nation and its fabric.
Peace be upon you and god's mercy and blessings